* Allen, C., Wyss, M., Brune, J., Grantz, A., & Wallace, R. (1972). Displacements on the Imperial, Superstition Hills, and San Andreas Faults Triggered by the Borrego Mountain Earthquake. {CA}
* Talwani, P., & Kovach, R. L. (1972). Geomagnetic observations and fault creep in California. Tectonophysics, 14(314), 245–256. {CA}
* Nason, R. D. (1973). Fault Creep and Earthquakes on the San Andreas Fault. Proceedings of the Conference on Tectonic Problems of the San Andreas Fault System, 13. {CA}
* King, C.-Y., Nason, R. D., & Tocher, D. (1973). Kinematics of fault creep. Phil. Trans. R. Soc. Lond., 274, 355–360. https://royalsocietypublishing.org/ {CA}
* Duffield, W. A., & Burford, R. O. (1973). An accurate invar-wire extensometer. _J. Res. US Geol. Surv_, _1_(5), 569-577. {CA}
* Yamashita, P.A., and Burford R. D., (1973). Catalog of preliminary results from an 18-station creepmeter network along the San Andreas fault system in central California for the time interval June 1969 to June 1973 (no. 73–366). US Geological Survey (1973). {CA}
* Nason, R. D., Philippsborn, F. R., & Yamashita, P. A. (1974). _Catalog of creepmeter measurements in central California from 1968 to 1972_ (No. 74-31). US Geological Survey. {CA}
* King, G. C. P., Bilham, R. G., Campbell, J. W., & McKenzie, D. P. (1975). Detection of elastic strainfields caused by fault creep events in Iran. Nature, 253, 420–423. {Iran}
* McHugh, S., & Johnston, M. J. S. (1976). Short-Period Nonseismic Tilt Perturbations and their Relation to Episodic Slip on the San Andreas Fault in Central California. J Geophys Res, 81(35), 6341–6346. https://doi.org/10.1029/JB081i035p06341 {CA}
* Johnston, M., McHugh, S., & Burford, R. (1976). On simultaneous tilt and creep observations on the San Andreas Fault. _Nature_, _260_. {CA}
* Burford, R. (1977). Bimodal distribution of creep event amplitudes on the San Andreas fault, California. Nature, 268, 424–426. {CA}
* Crough, S. T., & Burford, R. 0. (1977). Letter Section Empirical law for fault-creep events. Tectonophysics, 42, 53–59. {General}
* Johnston, M. J. S., Jones, A. C., & Daul, W. (1977). Continuous strain measurements during and preceding episodic creep on the San Andreas Fault. Journal of Geophysical Research, 82(36), 5683–5691. https://doi.org/10.1029/jb082i036p05683 {CA}
* Mortensen, C. E., Lee, R. C., & Burford, R. O. (1977). Observations of creep-related tilt, strain, and water-level changes on the central San Andreas fault. Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, 67(3), 641–649. https://doi.org/10.1785/bssa0670030641 {CA}
* King, C. Y., Nason, R. D., & Burford, R. O. (1977). Coseismic steps recorded on creep meters along the San Andreas Fault. Journal of Geophysical Research, 82(11), 1655–1662. https://doi.org/10.1029/JB082i011p01655 {CA}
* Schulz, S., & Burford, R. O. (1978). _Installation of an Invar wire creepmeter, Elkhorn Valley, California, August 1977_ (No. 78-203). US Geological Survey. {CA}
* Goulty, N. R., & Gilman, R. (1978). Repeated creep events on the San Andreas Fault near Parkfield, California, Recorded by a strainmeter array. Journal of Geophysical Research: Solid Earth, 83(B11), 5415–5419. https://doi.org/10.1029/jb083ib11p05415 {CA}
* Goulty, N. R., Burford, R. O., Allen, C. R., Gilman, R., Johnson, C. E., & Keller, R. P. (1978). Large creep events on the Imperial fault, California. Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, 68(2), 517–521. {CA}
* Slater, L. E., & Burford, R. O. (1979). A comparison of long-baseline strain data and fault creep records obtained near Hollister, California. _Tectonophysics_, _52_(1-4), 481-496. {CA}