* Johnston, M. J. S., Smith, B. E., & Burford, R. O. (1980). Local Magnetic Field Measurements and Fault Creep Observations on the San Andreas Fault. Tectonophysics, 64, 47–57. {CA}
* Evans, K. F., Burford, R. O., & King, G. C. P. (1981). Propagating episodic creep and the aseismic slip behavior of the Calaveras fault north of Hollister, California. Journal of Geophysical Research, 86(B5), 3721–3735. {CA}
* Langbein, J. O. (1981). An interpretation of episodic slip on the Calaveras fault near Hollister, California. Journal of Geophysical Research, 86(B6), 4941–4948. https://doi.org/10.1029/JB086iB06p04941 {CA}
* Schulz, S. S., Mavko, G. M., Burford, R. O., & Stuart, W. D. (1982). Long-term fault creep observations in central California. Journal of Geophysical Research, 87(B8), 6977–6982. https://doi.org/10.1029/JB087iB08p06977 {CA}
* Aytun, A. (1982). Creep Measurements in the Ismetpaşa Region of the North Anatolian Fault Zone. In: Işikara, A.M., Vogel, A. (eds) Multidisciplinary Approach to Earthquake Prediction. Progress in Earthquake Prediction Research, vol 2. {Turkey}
* Schulz, S., Burford, R. O., & Mavko, B. (1983). Influence of seismicity and rainfall on episodic creep on the San Andreas fault system in central California ( USA). Journal of Geophysical Research, 88(B9), 7475–7484. https://doi.org/10.1029/jb088ib09p07475 {CA}
* Louie, J. N., Allen, C. R., Johnson, D. C., Haase, P. C., & Cohn, S. N. (1985). Fault slip in southern California. _Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America_, _75_(3), 811–833. https://doi.org/10.1785/BSSA0750030811 {CA}
* Mavko, G. M., Schulz, S., & Brown, B. D. (1985). Effects of the 1983 Coalinga, California Earthquake on Creep Along the San Andreas Fault. Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, 75(2), 475–489. http://pubs.geoscienceworld.org/ssa/bssa/article-pdf/75/2/475/5332583/bssa0750020475.pdf {CA}
* Bakun, W. H., King, G. C. P., & Cockerham, R. S. (1986). Seismic Slip, Aseismic Slip, and the Mechanics of Repeating Earthquakes on the Calaveras Fault, California. In Earthquake Source Mechanics (Vol. 37, pp. 195–207). https://doi.org/10.1029/gm037p0195 {CA}
* Burford, R. 0. (1988). Retardations in Fault Creep Rates Before Local Moderate Earthquakes along the San Andreas Fault System, Central California. Pure and Applied Geophysics, 126(2–4). {CA}
* Wesson, R. L. (1988). Dynamics of fault creep. Journal of Geophysical Research, 93(B8), 8929–8951. https://doi.org/10.1029/JB093iB08p08929 {CA}
* Williams, P. L., McGill, S. F., Sieh, K. E., Allen, C. R., & Louie, J. N. (1988). Triggered Slip Along the San Andreas Fault after the 8 July 1986 North Palm Springs Earthquake. Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, 78(3), 1112–1122. {CA}
* Simpson, R. W., Schulz, S. S., Dietz, L. D., & Burford, R. O. (1988). The Response of Creeping Parts of the San Andreas Fault to Earthquakes on Nearby Faults: Two Examples. Pure and Applied Geophysics, 126(4). {CA}
* Bilham, R. (1989). Surface slip subsequent to the 24 November 1987 Superstition Hills, California, earthquake monitored by digital creepmeters. Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, 79(2), 424–450. {CA}
* Schulz, S. S. (1989). Catalog of Creepmeter Measurements in California from 1966 Through 1988. {CA}
* Mcgill, B. Y. S. F., Allen, C. R., Hudnut, K. W., Johnson, D. C., Miller, W. F., & Sieh, K. E. (1989). Slip on the Superstition Hills fault and on nearby faults associated with the 24 November 1987 Elmore Ranch and Superstition Hills earthquakes, southern California. Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, 79(2), 362–375. {CA}
* Roeloffs, E. A., Burford, S. S., Riley, F. S., & Records, A. W. (1989). Hydrologic effects on water level changes associated with episodic fault creep near Parkfield, California. Journal of Geophysical Research, 94(B9). https://doi.org/10.1029/jb094ib09p12387 {CA}