* Behr, J., Bilham, R., Bodin, P., Burford, R. O., & Bürgmann, R. (1990). Aseismic slip on the San Andreas Fault south of Loma Prieta. Geophysical Research Letters, 17(9), 1445–1448. https://doi.org/10.1029/GL017i009p01445 {CA}
* Altay, C. (1991) "Continuous creep measurement along the North Anatolian Fault zone." _Bull. Geolog. Congr. Turkey_ 6: 77-84. {Turkey}
* Bilham, B. Y. R., & Behr, J. (1992). A two-layer model for aseismic slip on the Superstition Hills Fault, California. Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, 82(3), 1223–1235. {CA}
* Langbein, J., Quilty, E., & Breckenridge, K. (1993). Sensitivity of crustal deformation instruments to changes in secular rate. _Geophysical research letters_, _20_(2), 85-88. {CA}
*  Rudnicki, J. W., Yin, J., & Roeloffs, E. A. (1993). Analysis of water level changes induced by fault creep at Parkfield, California. Journal of Geophysical Research, 98(B5), 8143–8152. https://doi.org/10.1029/93JB00354 {CA}
* Gladwin, M. T., Gwyther, R. L., Hart, R. H. G., & Breckenridge, K. S. (1994). Measurements of the strain field associated with episodic creep events in the San Andreas Fault at San Juan Bautista, California. Journal of Geophysical Research, 99(B3), 4559–4565. https://doi.org/10.1029/93JB02877 {CA}
* Bodin, P., Bilham, R., Behr, J., Gomberg, J., & Hudnut, K. W. (1994). Slip Triggered on Southern California Faults by the 1992 Joshua Tree, Landers, and Big Bear Earthquakes. In Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America (Vol. 84, Issue 3). http://pubs.geoscienceworld.org/ssa/bssa/article-pdf/84/3/806/5342006/bssa0840030806.pdf {CA}
* Breckenridge, K. S., & Simpson, R. W. (1995). Response of the U.S. Geological Survey Creepmeters in Central California to the October 18, 1989 Loma Prieta Earthquake. {CA}
* Linde, A. T., Gladwin, M. T., Johnston, M. J. S., Gwyther, R. L., & Bilham, R. G. (1996). A Slow Earthquake Sequence on the San Andreas Fault. Nature, 383, 65–68. {CA}
* Thurber, C. H. (1996). Creep events preceding small to moderate earthquakes on the San Andreas fault. Nature, 380, 425–428. {CA}
* Bilham, R., & Whitehead, S. (1997). Subsurface creep on the Hayward fault, Fremont, California. Geophysical Research Letters, 24(11), 1307–1310. https://doi.org/10.1029/97GL01244 {CA}
* Thurber, C., & Sessions, R. (1998). Assessment of Creep Events as Potential Earthquake Precursors: Application to the Creeping Section of the San Andreas Fault, California. Pure and Applied Geophysics, 152, 685–705. {CA}
* Scholz, C. H. (1998). Earthquakes and friction laws. Nature, 391(6662), 37–42. https://doi.org/10.1038/34097 {General}
